Initial Dependency Manager docs (#2831)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/vscode-overview/3rd-party-libraries.rst

.. note:: Vendors recommend using their offline installers when available, because the offline installer is typically bundled with additional programs that are extremely useful when working with their devices.

### Installing Libraries

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Java/C++
      :sync: javacpp

      **VS Code**

      .. image:: images/3rd-party-libraries/dependency-activity-bar.png
         :alt: The activity bar of VS Code showing the WPILib icon that opens the Dependency Manager.

>       All vendordep operations can be controlled by the Dependency Manager.  Click the button shown above to access the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      All vendordep operations can be controlled by the Dependency Manager.  Click the WPILib logo in the sidebar as shown above to access the interface.
```

>       The ``vendordep`` gradle task can also fetch vendordep JSONs from the user ``wpilib`` folder. To do so, pass ``FRCLOCAL/Filename.json`` as the file URL. For example, ``gradlew vendordep --url=FRCLOCAL/WPILibNewCommands.json`` will fetch the JSON for the command-based framework.

Reviewer: This Command-Line section feels like it should be another tab, rather then hidden in the legacy VS Code section

> ### How Does It Work?

Reviewer: This feels like it can be tabs as well

Author: I disagree that How does it work should go in tabs.  It is critical for placing offline install files and really has nothing to do with the install.  All of the other tabs are direct ways to install a vendordep

Reviewer: There's 3 sections for different languages that you don't need to read unless you're using that language. Isn't that what we use tabs for?

Author: I understand now you wanted to add a new set of tabs for it.  I thought you meant adding a tab to the one above it.

I will add the tab to it.
